how are you doing today this is drew its
februari the third 2011 this is the
Lakota round 2009 edition currency of
the free and independent nation this is
a legally minted coin out of Canada
somewhere on the plains I think Manitoba
there's a band called the Lakota band or
tribe and they make their own money one
ounce 999 fine silver and have their
website on their free lakota bank calm
once the edges are not quite reated they
look reeded but it's actually smooth
anyways it's quite an interesting
looking round I like it picked it up
today for the same price as a maple and
then I looked on ebay and found they're
actually going for about forty-five to
fifty dollars around but I got this
basically for the price of just over spa
so that's good another when I picked up
today is this one here the 1949 Canada
dollar I haven't had this one before
that's an attractive design
commemorative design has been circulated
so it's it's warm but it's an attractive
coin there's no scratches or or dings or
anything so I enjoyed that a couple of
website links here for you to as well
first one a twenty-dollar face value
coin worked it out of ways about a
quarter of an ounce and this is a 9999
same as a maples pure coin issued by the
Royal Canadian Mint so this is an actual
legal tender twenty dollar coin now
they're making
making it is 200,000 of these all
together and they'll ship that for free
but this is Canadians only they'll ship
this for free within Canada for twenty
dollars so you get basically twenty
dollars in coin for every twenty dollars
in digital money you spend so mmm I I
really like it and I really hated reason
I really hate it is because it's kind of
like Fiat silver the mint which is part
of the government of canada is able to
put out seven dollars with a silver and
call it twenty dollars you see what I'm
saying it's not it's not bullying it's
definitely not bouillon it's definitely
a collector's coin but the reason I love
it is because for twenty dollars you get
a twenty dollar coin so you can just go
ahead and spend that twenty dollars and
I like that I mean I've I had a ton of
cash currency I would go and dump it
into these and then I would just keep
this as my money if you know if I wanted
to hold cash in my house I would hold
these these twenty dollar coins because
if silver goes up you know just the
wouldn't spend it for the face value
just like we did with with silver dimes
and quarters back in the 60s keep those
now this is just kind of like kind of
like those old coins it's kind of like
putting silver back into currency so in
that way I really love it but it is it
is kind of Fiat in a way it does have
intrinsic value but it is fiat money at
the same time here's the second link
thanks to those people who send me these
two links actually both were sent to me
by multiple people thank you guys this
is the Royal Canadian Mint grizzly bear
it's the next in line on this series
starting with the wolf now we're moving
on to the grizzly bear they haven't
released what the other five dollar
coins are going to be in this series but
there will be four more and they're
released every six months this is the
second in that so if you don't have
those Timberwolves and you can get them
still then death
we get those get your hands on me timber
holes as you can because they're only
going to go up as people become aware of
the series through the subsequent coins
that are going to be coming out and
they're going to be looking for those
Timberwolves because they're going to
want to complete their set right and
they're not making any more so anyone
who has the Wolves is going to be quite
happy I think with the collectors value
that's going to go up on those it says
here that these are going to be coming
out soon they're not being shipped yet
but they will be coming out soon and the
picture of it looks something like this
here on the screen
you
wow you know when they bring in the
camels are getting really serious all
kidding aside why haven't I made a video
about Egypt we gotta have too much to
say about it I probably won't be doing a
video on it right now there's enough
videos out there for it no one needs my
commentary i think you know what i would
say i wish this could be done peacefully
but it it hasn't been able to be done
peacefully and now it's getting a little
little messy room on the side with i'm
on the side of freedom and peace I'm on
the side of liberty for the people I'm
on the side of rule of law I I believe
that the people are right to be doing
what they're doing and I think that's
all it released it needs to be say about
that I hope that they get a government
that's not installed by someone else I
hope they get a government does not the
international banks and I hope they get
a government that will will be peaceful
and I hope they get a government that is
of n by them not acting on their behalf
peace out guys